So I have this issue,
I keep wanting to invest in Bitcoin,
but my financial adviser keeps insisting that that is a bad idea.
In fact it's so bad that she wants us to add a new feature
to our app that whenever we add a new todo item or a new goal,
if that goal or todo item contains the word Bitcoin,
then instead of adding it to the individual list,
what she wants us to do is just alert that that is a bad idea.
So in order to do that, what we'll do,
we kind of want to hook into the moment after an action is dispatched,
but before it ever hits our reducer and modifies the state.
So what if we came in here?
So right above one we create our store.
Let's create a new function here,
we will call it checkAndDispatch.
So what we're going to do is we're kind of going to hijack
the actual dispatch function that we've been using and instead use checkAndDispatch.
So checkAndDispatch will take in the store as well as
the action and then it's going to check
the name property on the action contains the word Bitcoin.
If it doesn't, then it's just going to call
store.dispatch as it normally would passing in the action,
and if it does, then we want to alert that warning and not do anything.
So what we'll do here, is let's have an if statement here,
and we will say if action.type equals ADD_TODO
and action.todo.name.toLowercase
that includes the word Bitcoin,
then what we want to do is just return alert and we will say, "Nope.
That's a bad idea." So what we're doing here is obviously if the action type is ADD_TODO,
and the new todo item which is going to be todo.name,
we lowercase that and if that includes the word Bitcoin,
then we want to say, "Nope.
That's a bad idea." And then we also want to do
a similar thing but instead of four ADD_TODO,
we will do ADD_GOAL instead of action.todo.name,
we want to do action.goal.name.
And so if none of these two cases return an alert,
then what we want to do,
that means that the new todo item or the new goal does not contain the word Bitcoin,
so we just want to call store.dispatch passing in the action as we normally would.
So now we have our checkAndDispatch function,
let's go ahead and use this instead of
the regular dispatch so that we can have these checks in place.
So it will do is anytime that we are calling store.dispatch,
we want to replace that instead with calling checkAndDispatch invoking it,
passing in the store as the first argument and then
passing in the action as the second argument.
So now if we look at our app,
you'll notice here that we can still add normal items like walk the dog,
but if we try to add anything that contains the word Bitcoin,
what's going to happen as we get nope that's a bad idea?
And that item is not added to our list.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6